I feel the love of those who are not physically around me.
I am too big a gift to this world to feel self-pity.
I love and approve of myself.
I focus on breathing and grounding myself.
Following my intuition and my heart keeps me safe and sound.
I make the right choices every time.
I draw from my inner strength and light.
I trust myself..
I forgive myself for all the mistakes I have made.
I replace my anger with understanding and compassion.
I offer an apology to those affected by my anger.
I may not understand the good in this situation but it is there.
I muster up more hope and courage from deep inside me.
I choose to find hopeful and optimistic ways to look at this.
I kindly ask for help and guidance if I cannot see a better way.
I refuse to give up because I haven’t tried all possible ways.
I know my wisdom guides me to the right decision.
I trust myself to make the best decision for me.
I receive all feedback with kindness but make the final call myself.
I listen lovingly to this inner conflict and reflect on it until I get to peace around it.
There is a good reason I was paired with this perfect family.
I choose to see my family as a gift.
I choose friends who approve of me and love me.
I surround myself with people who treat me well.
I take the time to show my friends that I care about them.
My friends do not judge me, nor do they influence what I do with my life.. 
Good Morning Life! I am so grateful to be alive today.
Good Morning! Yes, it will be a good morning and a good day!
The sun is shining through my window and through my heart.
I enter this day with an attitude of appreciation.
Today my world is changing for the better. I open my awareness to my shifting reality.
I enter today with an open mind and a calm presence. 
I am a phenomenal woman.
I express my femininity with joy.
I embrace who I am, a divine spirit, a woman.
I am a phenomenal woman.
I express my femininity with joy.
I embrace who I am, a divine spirit, a woman.
I release all stress and embrace positive stress-free solutions.
I am peaceful.
I can feel stress without embracing it as being a stressful person.
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. I breath and face stressors with a calm mind and relaxed attitude.
I leave my stress at work. At home, I am in a joyful state of relaxation.
I calmly process the evens of the day.
I prioritize my tasks and joyfully execute my day.
Peace is the default state of the Universe, and I allow peace to permeate my work and my life.
I allow myself to see the true magnitude of my stressors as small & insignificant. 
I radiate divine light to all those around me.
I am an expression of the Divine, perfect and complete just as I am.
I am open to my divine potential.
I approve of myself.
I am proud of myself.
I light the world with my smile
I have a purpose that I am fulfilling to my divine potential. 
Every day in every way, I am becoming more and more successful.
Today I am successful. Tomorrow I will be successful. Every day I am successful.
When I breath, I inhale confidence and exhale timidity.
I love meeting strangers and approach them with boldness and enthusiasm.
I am well groomed, healthy and full of confidence. My outer self is matched by my inner well being.
Every cell in my body vibrates with energy and health.
I nourish my body with healthy food.
All of my body systems are functioning perfectly.
I send love and healing to every organ of my body.
For me, eating and emotional comfort are separate and I forgive myself for overeating.
I can eat right without hurting anyone's feelings.
I choose fruits and vegetables over salty, sugary high fat foods every time.
Fresh vegetables feel and taste good in my mouth..
I get all the vitamins and nutrients I need.
I am the perfect age today.
I grow more beautiful and less fussy as I grow older
I move at the perfect pace.
I listen to my body’s needs with respect and kindness
I wear my hair however it pleases me and I adore every strand



